Idea:
The action selection could be formulated as a linear programming problem. The optimization criteria could differ based on the type of a
character but in general it would maximize (threat_out - threat_in). I'd need to add a threat to a given specific combatant by a factory.
This could help me determine the incoming threat. It could even handle threat from potential AoO.
I think I would need to include all combinations of action + targeting + positioning which means I'd need to add a method to calculate with specific args
and not just the "best ones".
There would be a hard constraint that the threat_in cannot be higher or equal current hit points.
So I'd calculate threat for all possible actions (including dash)

I could improve pathfinding to give the path with the least AoO.


Longer lasting AoEs and multi-target effects are to be tracked by the EffectTracker.
It tracks the caster, location, who's currently affected as well as duration. It has a removal by broken concentration.
It can return any of the above. It can tell if a character is entering the area with location + increment.
it will be able to encode its state into a fixed size vector (maximum num combatants, each square binary vector for all aoes etc.)

buffs should not track themselves

(Before this would be decoding) Action is first run through the FeasibilityChecker and if feasible it's passed to the ResourceManager which
takes the resources away from the combatant. Then it's passed to the ActionFactory which creates the action itself and passes it to the
round_manager. The round manager resolves it either directly or passing it to the combat manager or effect_tracker.


FaurungDt vs 4 Cultists on Ubuntu:
 --------------STATISTICS--------------
 Team BLUE won total of 431 times
 Team RED won total of 569 times
---Simulation took 218.1 seconds ---


Trainign Faurung:
 Feasibility rate: 0.046; Unfeasibility rate 0.078
 Feasibility rate: 0.028; Unfeasibility rate 0.098
 Feasibility rate: 0.02; Unfeasibility rate 0.112
 Feasibility rate: 0.022; Unfeasibility rate 0.12
 Feasibility rate: 0.028; Unfeasibility rate 0.092
 Feasibility rate: 0.02; Unfeasibility rate 0.1
 Feasibility rate: 0.038; Unfeasibility rate 0.102