Examples of AoE triggers:
- When a creature enters the spell’s area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there, that creature must make a Constitution saving throw
- Each creature that is completely within the cloud at the start of its turn must make a Constitution saving throw against poison.
- Any creature that starts its turn in the area takes 2d6 cold damage. Any creature that ends its turn in the area must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw or take 2d6 acid damage as milky, otherwordly tentacles rub against it.
- One side of the wall, selected by you when you cast this spell, deals 5d8 fire damage to each creature that ends its turn within 10 feet of that side or inside the wall. A creature takes the same damage when it enters the wall for the first time on a turn or ends its turn there.
- Any creature that ends its turn within 5 feet of the sphere must make a Dexterity saving throw. The creature takes 2d6 fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.


Longer lasting AoEs and multi-target effects are to be tracked by the EffectTracker.
It tracks the caster, location, who's currently affected as well as duration. It has a removal by broken concentration.
It can return any of the above. It can tell if a character is entering the area with location + increment.
it will be able to encode its state into a fixed size vector (maximum num combatants, each square binary vector for all aoes etc.)

buffs should not track themselves

(Before this would be decoding) Action is first run through the FeasibilityChecker and if feasible it's passed to the ResourceManager which
takes the resources away from the combatant. Then it's passed to the ActionFactory which creates the action itself and passes it to the
round_manager. The round manager resolves it either directly or passing it to the combat manager or effect_tracker.




 Kinds of multiattacks:
 Horned Devil: The devil makes three melee attacks: two with its fork and one with its tails. It can use Hurl Flame in place of any melee
 attack
 Bone Devil: The devil makes three attacks: two with its claws and one with its sting
 Bearded Devil: the devil makes three melee attacks: one with its tail and two with its claws. Alternatively, it can use Hurl Flame twice
 Nalfeshnee: The nalfeshnee uses Horror Nimbus if it can. It then makes three attacks: one with its bite and two with its claws.
 Glabrezu: the glabrezu makes fours attacks: two with its pincers and two with its fists. Alternatively, it makes two attacks with its pincers
 and casts one spell.  -> this can be done by having two lists which we'd both check. When an action is selected, remove it from both lists. Remaining are still feasible.
 Chuul: the chuul makes two pincer attacks. If the chuul is grappling a creature, the chuul can also use its tentacles once
 Spined devil: The debil makes two attacks: one with its bite and one with its fork or two with its tail spines
 T-rex: the t-rex makes two attacks: one with its bite and one with its tail. It can't make both attacks against the same target ( restriction implemented in the t-rex itself)
 Adult Black Dragon: The dragon can use its Frightful presence. It then makes three attacks. One with its bite and two with its claws.
 Dragon turtle: The dragon turtle makes three attacks. One with its bite and two with its claws. It can make one tail attack in place of its
 two claw attacks.
 Drider: The drider makes three attacks, either with its longsword or its longbow. It can replace one of those attacks with a bite attack.
 Fomorian: the fomorian attacks twice with its greatclub or make one greatclub attack and uses Evil Eye once.
 Violet fungus: the fungus makes 1d4 rotting touch attacks
 Dao: the dao makes two fists attacks or two maul attacks.
 Gibbering Mouther: The gibbering mouther makes one bite attack and if it can, uses its blinding spittle
 Grick alpha: The grick makes two attacks, one with its tail and one with its tentacles. If it hits with its tentacles, the grick can
 make one beak attack against the same target
 Manticore: The manticore makes three attacks: one with its bite and two with its claws or three with its tail spikes.

 -> make a special category for these conditional attacks (like the gricks). They may have a target restriction.

 Encountenance
 Encountopia
 EnCounterCraft
 Dice 'n' counts

 Quality Assurance:
 - Unit tests
 - Fuzzy smoke testing
 - TODO: Statistical system tests
 - Test cases based identified on error cases
 - Various asserts
 - Double-checking of feasibility
